docs: add applicable docs for web app starter kit (#1)
kingerking/reference-architecture: development/next.md

# Next

> ## why

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why
```

We need a [React](./react.md) framework for building web apps that:

- Are isomorphic.
- Are user friendly and easy to use.

> - Are versatile to the rendering needs of a given app(Choice of static generation instead of isomorphism).

Reviewer: Maybe this could just be combined with the first point in the list (and take out the first point). 
 
Something like:

`Are versatile to the rendering needs of a given app (your choice of SSR, SSG, ISR, and CSR)`

- Are a well accepted and adopted library.
- Are built for a wide variety of web app demands.
- Are built with performance in mind.

## What

[Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) is a framework built for [React.js](react.md) web apps, It provides a set of tools and features that will allow web application's consuming it to have isomorphic and static web pages. Next allows you to take a more versatile approach to building web applications by allowing developers to opt-in to different rendering and data fetching paradigms on a per page basis.

## How

> Telus' [Web App Starter Kit](https://github.com/telus/platform-web) is a starter kit and CLI for [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/docs) apps. It contains all the necessary boilerplate, tooling and libraries needed to get started, it facilitates the development experience with Next.js apps to conform to Telus standards and libraries.

Reviewer: Should we add a few points about how WASK, built on top of Next.js, addresses the needs discussed in the "Why" section? For example, we could mention how WASK is flexible and versatile when it comes to page rendering.

- [Page Routing](https://nextjs.org/docs/routing/introduction).
- [API routing](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) capabilities.
- [Middleware](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/middleware).
- [Edge runtime](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/edge-runtime), see [What is edge computing?](https://www.redhat.com/en/topics/edge-computing/what-is-edge-computing?sc_cid=7013a000002q882AAA&gclid=Cj0KCQiAsdKbBhDHARIsANJ6-jcV2hpOUWUouN_ImnOQcHVC88HZib_UzyXpRtCCGI5VCjjiPoM8lv8aAk2zEALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds).
- Versatile options for data fetching read more about Next.js' data fetching methods [here](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/overview).

## How

Telus Digitals [Web App Starter Kit](https://github.com/telus/platform-web)(WASK) is a starter kit that has been built specifically for [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/docs) web apps. It contains all the necessary boilerplate, tooling and libraries needed to get started. It facilitates the development of Next.js apps by allowing you to conform to Telus standards and commonly used tools with little effort via the [`create-web-app`](https://github.com/telus/platform-web/tree/main/packages/create-web-app) CLI.

> You can create a WASK ([Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)) app with the libraries you want to start with with one simple command(`npx @telus/create-web-app@latest my-new-web-app`) and by inputting some basic information about your project. You can also get started with Next via the WASK template inside of the [SimplifyHUB software](https://simplify.telus.com/create?filters%5Bkind%5D=template&filters%5Buser%5D=all) template section which provides a GUI to use while creating an app, Simplify will create a GitHub repository and scaffold that app for you to clone and get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are currently two ways to create a WASK app: running `create-web-app` in the command line interface (CLI) and using the [SimplifyHub](https://simplify.telus.com/create?filters%5Bkind%5D=template&filters%5Buser%5D=all) template.  
In addition to app creation, the CLI allows the user to apply extensions to existing WASK apps to integrate additional functionalities or update their apps, and initialize deployment pipelines.
SimplifyHub allows the user to create and deploy a WASK app via a graphical user interface.
```

> # Next

Reviewer 2: Let's have another look at the other frameworks for reference on this page. the [react](https://github.com/kingerking/reference-architecture/blob/fefc3bcb3c3a9c783f15b9336b14832fada12cfe/development/react.md) page is a good reference.

## why

[Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) addresses the short comings of other commonly used web frameworks like [express](express.md), with Next you're provided simple/straight forward solutions to problems that hinders developers on a daily basis.

Some notable features provided by [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/):

- [Server Side Rendering](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/get-server-side-props) / [Static Site Generation](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/get-static-props) / [Incremental Static Regeneration](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/incremental-static-regeneration).
- [Dynamic Routing](https://nextjs.org/docs/routing/dynamic-routes).
- [Automatic code splitting](https://nextjs.org/learn/foundations/how-nextjs-works/code-splitting) - Example [here](https://next-code-elimination.vercel.app/).
- [The Edge Runtime](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/edge-runtime).

## What

> [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) is a framework built for [React.js](react.md) web apps, It provides a rich set of tools and optimizations that will benefit any web application that consumes it. With Next developers can create an app with almost zero configuration, an optimized and rich user experience as well as a nice developer experience with every need of your app confidently being met.

Reviewer 2: Let's try not to generalize too much, and stay away from things like:
- "benefit ANY web application"
- "almost ZERO configuration"
- "nice developer experience with EVERY need of your app confidently being met."
